Adapt documentation to jenkinsci/remoting#490 (#4707)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/developer/security/remoting-callables.adoc

`Callable` implementations should extend from one of the classes mentioned above, with a strong preference for `MasterToSlaveCallable`, which should work in almost all cases.

> If that doesn't work and the plugin cannot be restructured to work with a `MasterToSlaveCallable`, the `Callable` implementation should be changed to a `SlaveToMasterCallable`, and the best practices recommended below need to be implemented to ensure it cannot be bypassed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If that does not work and the plugin cannot be restructured to work with a `MasterToSlaveCallable`, the `Callable` implementation should be changed to a `SlaveToMasterCallable`, and the best practices recommended below must be implemented to ensure it cannot be bypassed.
```
